billet a butt bow and well quad that is
like and when you shoot for people with
one bullet so the probe is it like oh
and that's a quad quad quad quad quad
quad and then something like he gets the
triple triple true hello I really
actually don't know what that means but
i would i would think it's just like the
cord but three people oh when he shoots
for the 360 turn 360 turn 3 g's that's
probably like why don't like it spins
around and shoot i presume and and then
people are like slick as Montez you got
there slick as slick as slick as Montez
you got there that's like oh my god ace
video this video and YouTube you've got
there of top 5 plays or whatever you
like the thingy pate operator pally hey
pally oh hey and bam gets that guy Bam
Bam Bam gets that guy can you get this
last girl of course again of course
again of course again it's like my god
not much time I have to get this kill
you got he gets it then there's like two
kills across them up I've you don't what
this means but I would think that would
be like a big map big map a big map and
there's no two people and you're like
shoot they're like in the same area or
something and you shoot to the same time
and then skull skull skull skull skull
skull send mrs. that's a shame but it's
just like no scope and they miss and
kill streak of 10 that's like when you
kill 10 people of all I think and
another q q s and another Q s I think
that's I don't know really what that
means I heard it on some montage but I
don't know it means and collateral I
really sorry again
that is so if you get back to me and no
scope quad no scope quad no scope quad
so no aim and it shoots four people one
blood and Q&As triple again no idea and
headshot observe and you just shoot
someone in the head so for the remaining
ones i did got someone just leave call
it thanks